Docs: semantic search (#22116)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/ai.mdx

- [Database migrations](/docs/guides/ai/examples/headless-vector-search#prepare-your-database) for managing structured embeddings.
- Integrations with all popular AI providers, such as [OpenAI](/docs/guides/ai/examples/openai), [Hugging Face](/docs/guides/ai/hugging-face), [LangChain](/docs/guides/ai/langchain), and more.

## Search

> We also include guides on the different types of search within your database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Supabase to build different types of search features for your app, including:
```

more user-centric
